Close a SIG or a WG update. (#231)
kyma-project/community: sig-and-wg/README.md

  * [The Kyma Council](#the-kyma-council)
  * [List of SIGs](#list-of-sigs)
  * [List of WGs](#list-of-wgs)

>   * [Closed SIGs or WGs](#closed-sigs-or-wgs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [Closed SIGs and WGs](#closed-sigs-and-wgs)
```

* [Knative integration](wg-knative/README.md)

> ### Closed SIGs or WGs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Closed SIGs and WGs
```

> To see closed SIG or WG and their outcomes check the [archive](archive/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the list of closed SIGs and WGs, check the [archive](archive/). 
```

## Close a SIG or WG
When a SIG or WG has completed its goals or there is an explicit request to conclude further work, it has to be closed. The request to close a SIG or WG may come from group members, group leaders, Kyma community or Kyma Council. To close a SIG or WG, group leaders need to:

* Create an issue and accompanying pull request (PR) to close a SIG or WG and add the **decision** label to them.
* Close the remaining open issues of the group or reassign them accordingly, with appropriate comment.
* Remove the group from the [List of SIGs](#list-of-sigs) or [List of WGs](#list-of-wgs) in this `README.md` file. 
* Move the group folder (together with all subfolders and files) to the [archive](./sig-and-wg/archive) folder.
* Add a `CLOSURE.md` file to the archived group folder. Write it in a form of a blog post which informs about the group's outcomes, achievements, challenges, and lessons learned. Remember to provide links to the relevant material. The PR undergoes standard review by group members, Kyma Council and is subsequently closed. 
* Publish the content of the `CLOSURE.md` in a form of a blog post on the Kyma website or link to it. 

> * Communicate the closure of a given SIG or WG through the SIG Core.

Reviewer 2: should we add here also an information about removing the corresponding WG/SIG label?

Author: @agolawska done. Thanks for the reminder.
